if you're ready to finally
organize your finances monetize
your investments and achieve your
financial independence
this material will definitely change your
Life is very welcome to how
invest money that will teach you
step by step how to win your
financial independence
know the author rafael seabra educator
Financial investment advisers
and the site's founder wants to stay there with a
site founded in 2007 has more than
100 thousand monthly visits of one of the
biggest financial education sites
a survey conducted by the institute
los angels at the end of 2012 at the request of
bm f bovespa showed the current scenario of
financial education in brazil were
interviewed two thousand people in 15
major metropolitan regions
equivalent to 100 cities all
Social classes
when asked about where to invest in
their economies the answer was as follows
savings account with 44% of the
resources applied current account with
37.7 percent
real estate with 3.7 percent bond
capitalization with 13.3 percent shares
with only 1% cdb with 0.8 funds of
fixed income with 0.6 percent in funds
of 0.6 percent
gold with 0.6 direct treasure with 0.5
real estate funds and funds of 0.4
index with 0.1 percent
exp.
the best investment options are
in the last
the direct treasure was one of thousands and
was merged and more than half
of respondents stated that there is no
money at the end of the month to invest
and has the main source of
information is the familiar friends and
known with 47.2 percent
but the simple fact that you are
watching this video already shows that
you worry about getting information and
we were more reliable than friends and
relatives to improve their situation
financial
Congratulations, now, get to know the current scenario.
of our retirees to learn how to
importance of investing in conquering
financial independence in the future as
can be seen in the graph 46% of
retirees depend on relatives 28%
depends on charity while 25% are
forced to work and only 1% are
really independent in other
words the whole of the financial and
contributions to social security
accumulated over a lifetime
were enough to dislike the day
quiet but 99% of retirees now
make a quick reflection meet me
I wonder how quiet you would be if
able to pay off all the debts and
moreover be able to contain all
their spending for so individar
never mothers how relieved you'd be to
realize that your financial life is
organized with the enthusiastic you would be
to know that acquiring your own home
or that car that you both
want to fit in your budget with
I do not know if I would feel
learn how to invest your money and
to be closer and closer to
dreamed financial independence
imagine your life without worrying about
money
there is always for many people and this
seems to be a dream and not a reality but I
I completely disagree assure you
that this is all possible yes and that it is
in your hands conquer all this much
sooner than you can imagine
With the book and how to invest money
will learn how to pay off your debts and
control your spending immediately you
learn how to organize your life
define objectives and really
reach the
you will also learn how to invest
your money with low risk and good
profitability will meet strategies
that really work to achieve the
their financial independence
at the end of the reading you will know how
control and take away your debts
prepare a budget and contain their
spending arranging your financial life
for a financial reserve to define
reached of financial gods will know
better investments in fixed income and
the best investments in income
variable
the best strategy to invest your
money the secret of success
investments that will know how to conquer
their financial independence but not
consider only my words
see that these specialists are
talking about gustavo cerbasi consultant
financial and author of best seller couples
intelligent enrich together
an excellent introductory material that
seems a bit pretentious to move forward
on a little more complex issues about
investments but the apparent pretentious
age disappears with the quality and
didactic text or call minutes coach
professional and creator of the
enriching the upper class finally
a practical and direct digital book that
conveys harsh financial concepts
in simple and pleasant language in how
invest money rafael seabra brings a
practical approach to setting objectives
prepare budgets
control debts from a series of tips
to optimize your
investments through fixed income and
this book is a great source of
information for
scenes and we have become
investors
check out Conrado's opinion
Navarro author of the book let's talk about
money and founder member of the site
a point with the decision on
how and where to invest without
confusion in the head of Brazilians
learn to invest with intelligence and
aiming for better returns is the
great differential of this digital book
created by rafael seabra the main
differences in the types of investments and
investor profile
are addressed in the same language
I do not want to stay here.
through accessible examples and topics
organized in order to facilitate the
learning if you want to learn how to
invest in the view in this material
specialist in asset allocation and
founder of hc investments henrique
carvalho says simple clear straight to the
point is the ideal content for those who
beginning fael was able to gather the
best tips for anyone who wants to learn the
invest in a single and book that in
andré massaro's review of the book
moneyfit finance specialist
the digital book how to invest
money brings content quality
with easy and accessible language are already
trademarks of the site I want to stay
rich one of the best finance websites
personal from brazil and must stop
for investors both beginners
how many professionals and besides you
have up to a 30-day warranty period to evaluate
how to invest money if at the end of
reading you are not satisfied
I can analyze your money will be
returned as you can see the larger ones
experts recommend how to invest
money you're waiting for
the material is constantly updated and
I do not know how long the current price will be
maintained
You will receive the and book as Invest
money in the segments of
financial education and investments
composed of 220 pages
additionally you will receive six
bonus materials worth over $ 100
produced by various specialists
complements the content of how to invest
money with the same clarity as the
alignment and whenever new bonuses
library is added
growing at no cost
to be with your life
investments.
safe and the feeling of being
closer to assuming
the financial is priceless
It's price, yes you can have it all.
for only 79 90 is cheaper than the
cost of only one hour of consulting
If you want to learn how to
invest in view on this material the people
take your copy of
invest money is very welcome to the
new phase of your financial life